docs(build): describe custom stapel service image configuration (#7528)
werf/werf: docs/pages_en/usage/build/stapel/instructions.md

The Stapel builder uses its own set of tools and libraries and does not depend on the base image in any way. When the _build container_ is started, werf mounts everything it needs from the special service image named `registry.werf.io/werf/stapel`.

If your environment cannot access this image directly, for example when working in an isolated environment or using a private registry, you can override the Stapel service image reference before running werf:

```shell
export WERF_STAPEL_IMAGE_NAME=registry.werf.io/werf/stapel
export WERF_STAPEL_IMAGE_VERSION=0.6.2
```

> When using a private registry, set `WERF_STAPEL_IMAGE_NAME` to the repository address of the Stapel image in that registry and make sure werf is authenticated in that registry before the build starts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using a private registry:
1. Set `WERF_STAPEL_IMAGE_NAME` environment variable to the repository address of the Stapel image
2. Ensure existing of image  `${WERF_STAPEL_IMAGE_NAME}:${WERF_STAPEL_IMAGE_VERSION}` in the registry
3. Make sure werf is authenticated in the registry before the build starts
```
